Dom got voted out and he was he was
fairly good about it at the time but he
wasn't happy in the papers this morning
daily Mary blast what he called the rig
judging says that the judges tend to
look at the dress rehearsal they make
their mind up about that and he news on
his way out when he made certain
comments what are you writing to that I
have quite high opinions on it bill has
I'm sure you can imagine I find it very
sad because you know one hundred percent
for sure this show is not a fast and but
what it is is every week it's
celebrities putting their life on the
line I think in a few weeks time
Dominic's going to turn around and say
why did I ever think this why did I ever
have these opinions you know this show
people are in a studio rehearsing for
hours every week you know you can it's
possible I'm not mentioning any names
you can get a little bit paranoid doing
that come to you can get very paranoid
bill turnbull out and you know moving on
in life is quite an interesting thing as
yes but I think what's sad about this is
you know the only thing that that I
think is debatable about it is obviously
the opinion of the judges hmm I
understand from a celebrity's point of
view when they're hearing and you look
like an elephant with one leg or it's
it's that it's horrible it's grotesque
it's you know that's not criticism that
they want to hear what they want to hear
is Len Goodman that says you know I'd
like you to improve your top line a
little bit or we'd like a little bit
more rising fall that's what they're
looking for those celebrities as
professionals we know I game we know
what we have to do with our celebrities
but these services are hanging onto
every word so they've to Amanda said
your clunky your stocky your you know
hand is all wrong yeah your heads all
wrong you know and Dom it's gone what I
have just trained for 20 hours in a
studio how can you say that about me but
really it's already said the show is
show credible insertion it's light
entertainment yes how about some of the
hidden stars do you think I'm Alicia did
really well this weekend of the sea my
unsung heroes you know Alicia Gethin
and these people they've not been in the
press at all because they're doing a
great Alicia magic jaymund you know
she's out there she's saying I'm just
falling in love with him with what I'm
doing um I want to come out every week
you know it was hysterical isn't which
he has a Foxtrot I just don't get it I
mean that's beautiful cos you're not
meant to get it oh yeah Leticia
guaranteed to get through because she
was on the sofa here on friday which is
a passport success is that yeah and she
was terrific that was lady what happened
to me that I was under I think Leticia
here's a beautiful story because we saw
nitish I remember on press day I met
Leticia for the first time she was
shaking like a leaf no we don't expect
celebrities to be like this but look
what's happened over these couple you up
at that she's out there giving it
everything and this is the journey that
Jay would I love to say it because it is
every week and they're going through
hair as you rightly know me and look at
this is a great story that we're seeing
him she said I've got a hold of my
nerves I want to embrace this I'm going
to get out on the Thorntons show the
public okay gonna put the pressure on
you Oh God halfway through out we are
you beginning to see do you think who
might be so top top at the end at this
point or not it's because the public
have a big vote in all of this den they
the public have the biggest vote of all
and there are a couple at their from it
moment Alicia is one um I've I've got an
eye on gettin really i think after
seeing his fox shut this week i would
just like to see a little bit more oomph
you know what the judges are saying it
is quite right I you know get out there
and kick butt right now is it so here
she is and you know I I just want to
know more about getting when I've seen
him do blue pizza he's out that this is
what I wanted it but he still looks a
little bit quiet he's got just quickly
though dicate question she's still in
there you know this goes on for much
longer she's gonna be in the final she's
she improved bill she improved this
waiting oh she was using hold and
rightly so Alicia wasn't dragging so
much and and you can see that there is a
dangerous moment though isn't it when
you something improve isn't that when
you
in danger well back to species better
luck next week what's she gonna do now
next week will be pressure on because
the public have saved her again but she
did improve this week yeah she did so be
pressure next week all this stuff